HOW TO COMPILE
--------------

You will need a Linux environment to compile and create the VIB package
for ESXi

This module has been developped under a 64-bit CentOS 7 linux. Use the
minimal CentOS 7 installation profile and add the following packages
with yum install :

  wget
  patch
  gcc
  gcc-c++
  zip

The choice of CentOS 7 is to make the package compatible from ESXi 5 to
ESXi 9. Generating of 64-bit binaries is mandatory from ESXi 8 only.

You will also need the original untouched source file archives for the
following packages :

  libressl
  nut
  smtptools

Check each package for their respective LICENSE.

The makefile will try to download using wget them if not already in the
base directory of this project. I can't guarantee that the urls for download
will remain valid through time, you should keep them archived somewhere.

To compile, login as root, go to base directory and type

  make

Everything should be automatically compiled and configured until the
end of the process

Moreover if your are running CentOS 7 on an Intel x86 processor you
will get files stamped with x86_64. If you are running CentOS7 on ARM
you will get files stamped with aarch64. A known build plateform for
the ARM target is Raspberry Pi 3 running CentOS 7.

WHAT DO YOU GET
---------------

You will get a VIB file named upsmon-x.x.x-y.y.y.x86_64.vib depending on
the version of this package. x.x.x is the version of NUT, y.y.y is the 
version of this project.

And also an archive called NutClient-ESXi-y.y.y.x86_64.tar.gz containing the VIB
file and various files to help for installation on ESXi host

An offline bundle file is also generated for direct installation from vCenter or
ESXi ISO customization with name NutClient-ESXi-x.x.x-y.y.y-x86_64-offline_bundle.zip
(don't forget to set acceptance level to CommunitySupported for ISO)

COMPATIBILITY
-------------
This packages has been tested on ESXi from version 5.0 to version 9.0
aarch64 target package has only been tested on ESXi for ARM version 8.0.

DISCLAMER
---------
This package is devivered "as is" in the terms of the GNU GPL v3 (see LICENSE)
with no support and no warranty. Use it at your own risks

